So we are in a hacksthon and we  to get our dashboard perfect and everything with fully working... TeamSync Edu is a specialised educational team formation platform designed to revolutionise how students at Indian technical universities collaborate for hackathons, competitions, and academic projects. The platform leverages institutional Google Workspace authentication, allowing students to securely log in using their educational accounts (xxx@vitstudent.ac.in) to ensure authenticity and maintain institutional security standards. Upon authentication, students create comprehensive profiles showcasing their technical skills, programming languages, domain expertise, project portfolios, competition history, and availability preferences, enabling the platform to understand each user's unique capabilities and collaboration potential. This comprehensive solution addresses the critical gap in educational technology where no existing platform specifically combines institutional authentication security, AI-driven skill matching, and competition-focused collaboration tools. By creating an ecosystem that spans from initial teammate discovery through successful project completion, TeamSync Edu empowers students to form high-performing teams, maximise their learning potential through diverse collaboration, and significantly improve their competitive performance while building lasting professional networks within their educational institutions and beyond .. :: A secure, institution-specific platform where students log in using their educational Google accounts to find, post, and form optimal teams for competitions, hackathons, and academic projects based on skills, interests, and complementary strengths.   here are  the details of of it; give us the full function here, So I will explain in short... First there will be intro abouto our site with text animations 3d animations white cool background.., then also mention that this is made for Digitsl Dawn hackathon from Code2Create ASM Vit Vellore Chapter.. Our team name is "N00B" and our site name is "TeamSync", in the top section we will have a login button.. the ui can be glass transperent and stuff somewhat unique, which click loggedin it willl be redirected to Google login (the main yhing is we will allow only domians which are not gmail.com domain related, so if vit.ac.in..., nit.ac.in uses google wospace for google emails so they csan proceed right..., We need to allow all domains except gmail.com domain that too it should be a google account, then only we can signin ), after signing in...., it will return to dashboard, in dashboard if he is a new user it should return to profile section (in profile section.., the username can be fixed by him and no one should claim his username it should be uniques, they it will ask for basic demographicsl details, such as age, gender, department, bio, social links, achievements), if he is already a user he will be redirected to dashboard section.. in dashboard section, we will be seing the current team which the user is enrolled and also to join a team he should click join team and which team lead posted it, the team lead only can approve the user,, then ur choce I need some features to be added you plan according, user should be able to approve teammate, user should be able to create hackathons, user should be able to join a team, usershould be able to see other profiles , user should be able to see, filters, and sub filters to filter competitions, hackathons, symposium, research, etc... the user should be able to chat with other teammates in a team a seperate window for it or a sub section ur wish... 